table: text is centered during editing but left aligned after committing. needs to be consistently centered. right click context menu doesn't appear when right clicking.
images: aspect ratio needs to be locked when resizing (see sticky notes and tables); when resizing downward, image shrinks significantly after releasing mouse.
mindmap: can we find a way to duplicate or add child nodes (concepts) on the canvas
circle: blue border around text box that's shown right after adding circle to canvas, should not be visible
pan tool does not work, instead of moving the actual canvas, it just moves all elements on the canvas in unison but the canvas background clearly does not move as well
after attempting to use broken pan tool, when trying to draw connectors or use pen, marker, highlighter, what's rendered on canvas is far away from the cursor; after I reset by clicking on the percentage zoom level in toolbar, issue resolves itself. 
when selecting the mindmap tool and hovering over elements on canvas, hover ports are shown. this should ONLY happen when one of the two connector tools are selected/activated

should we align naming in codebase with naming in the master blueprint?

do we have any legacy files or folders needing archival?

should we clean up and organize the codebase some before proceeding?

is there anything else in the technical audit that needs to be addressed still? 

help me to plan and organize all of the above and keep track of it
asdfdfds 


Sticky note resizing is slightly off; resizes slightly larger and smaller than intended 
Table resizing is disastrous and aspect ration needs to be locked; context menu doesn't appear when right clicking
Blue border around text area in circle when added to the canvas; should not be the case
Not possible to move/drag entire connector tool
Pan tool does not work properly -- it moves the elements on the canvas but it does not move the actual canvas/canvas background which is the entire point of a pan tool
When mindmap tool is activated in toolbar and hovering over elementes on canvas, still triggers hover ports being displayed and only the connector tool should do that
mindmap: can we find a way to duplicate or add child nodes (concepts) on the canvas

 
 


